c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\WebApi.Signature.WebApp.dll.config
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\WebApi.Signature.WebApp.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\WebApi.Signature.WebApp.pdb
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApi.Signature.WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApi.Signature.WebApp.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApi.Signature.WebApp.pdb
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\WebApi.Signature.dll
c:\users\wsh.asus-k551ln\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApi.Signature\WebApi.Signature.WebApp\bin\WebApi.Signature.pdb
